Momo's March Serenity updates (#902)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-03/3-Attribute-guidelines.md

---
pim_announcement_alt_img: "An example of attribute guidelines"
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- CE
---

> # Display attribute guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add descriptions to your attributes
```

Author: The name of the feature is "Attribute guidelines". I feel like we should at least keep its name in the title.

Reviewer: I'd rather have a clearer title, and then introduce the feature and its name.
People don't know what are Attribute Guidelines.

Author: Ok, I understand. In this case, I think "guidelines" is more closed to reality than "description".
```suggestion
# Display guidelines on your attributes
```

Author: Sounds good.

::: meta-data type="New" features="Governance" available="late March" link-to-doc="../articles/TODO"
:::

> It is now possible to display a short guidelines for each of your attributes in the product form in order to help your teams better catch what are the attribute enrichment prerequisites.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is now possible to display a guideline for each of your attributes in the product form in order to help your teams better catch what are the attribute enrichment prerequisites.
```
```suggestion
It is now possible to display a short guidelines for each of your attributes in the product form in order to help your teams better catch what are the attribute enrichment prerequisites.
```

Author: ```suggestion
It is now possible to display a short explanation sentence for each attribute of your product form in order to help your teams better catch what are the attribute enrichment prerequisites.
```

> It is now possible to display a short explanation sentence for each attribute of your product form in order to help your teams better catch what are the attribute enrichment prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to display a short explanation sentence for each attribute of your product form. You can use this feature to add guidelines to your teams to help them better understand what is expected for specific attributes or to tell them what are the attribute enrichment prerequisites.
```

> ![An example of attribute guidlines](../img/an-attribute-guidelines.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![An example of attribute guidelines](../img/an-attribute-guidelines.png)
```

> It is now possible to display a short explanation sentence for each attribute of your product form. You can use this feature to add guidelines to your teams to help them better understand what is expected for specific attributes or to tell them what are the attribute enrichment prerequisites.

Author: Two "You can" in a row sound weird.

> It is now possible to display a short explanation sentence for each attribute of your product form. You can use this feature to add guidelines to your teams to help them better understand what is expected for specific attributes or to tell them what are the attribute enrichment prerequisites.

Author: ```suggestion
You can now have a short text displayed under each of your attributes in your product form. Use this feature to show guidelines to your teams or contributors so they better understand what is expected for an attribute, or simply guide them through the attribute prerequisites.
```

> To add attribute guidelines, go to your `Attributes` settings page and look for the eponymous section, as shown below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add attribute guidelines, go to your `Attributes` settings page and look for the right section, as shown below.
```
